What!
I haven't got the CEO position of Lin's Group yet
You better be honest with me
Brother Shixian
What if I said I could get Shengshi Group to help you?
Shengshi Group
That's the number one investment group in the country
Lin's Group can be appreciated by Shengshi Group
Really lucky for three lifetimes
You really should be grateful to the good women around you
I am Chen
I will definitely not live up to the appreciation of Shengshi Group
Wang Dazhu
You walk slowly
I have a really good woman by my side
Brother Shixian
If I can get Shengshi Group to support you as president
How will you reward me?
If you can help me become interim group president
I'll give you whatever you want then.
Brother, don't worry.
I will definitely help you.